Added documentation on the session flows, including auth during comm. (#19)
id-contact/docs: webdocs/docs/sessions/full.md

---
id: full

> title: Full ID-Contact session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Full ID Contact session
```

```http
GET /session_options/personal_question HTTP/1.0
Host: core:8000
Connection: close
accept: */*
accept-encoding: gzip, deflate, br
accept-language: en-US,en;q=0.9
```
And get a response similar to
```http
HTTP/1.0 200 OK
content-type: application/json
server: Rocket
content-length: 288
date: Thu, 01 Jul 2021 08:27:43 GMT

{
    "auth_methods":[
        {
            "tag":"irma",
            "name":"IRMA",
            "image_path":"/static/irma.svg"
        },
        {
            "tag":"digid",
            "name":"DigiD",
            "image_path":"/static/digid.svg"
        }
    ],
    "comm_methods":[
        {
            "tag":"call",
            "name":"Call",
            "image_path":"/static/phone.svg"
        },
        {
            "tag":"chat",
            "name":"Chat",
            "image_path":"/static/chat.svg"
        }
    ]
}
```

## Initiating session

> The initiator then present the authentication and communication options to the end user and let them choose their preferred authentication and communication method. Once this has been completed and the end user has indicated to start the actual session, the initiator uses the core's [`start` endpoint](../core_api). Continuing the above example, if the end user has chosen the `irma` authentication method and the `chat` communication method, the initiator then sends the core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initiator then presents the authentication and communication options to the end user and lets them choose their preferred authentication and communication method. Once this has been completed and the end user has indicated to start the actual session, the initiator uses the core's [`start` endpoint](../core_api). Continuing the above example, if the end user has chosen the `irma` authentication method and the `chat` communication method, the initiator then sends the core
```
